README.md, before:

# Lisu Bosa

The Lisu Bosa fonts are open fonts for the Lisu script based on the LisuTzimu Regular.

### Project status [![Build Status](http://build.palaso.org/app/rest/builds/buildType:Fonts_Bosa/statusIcon)](http://build.palaso.org/viewType.html?buildTypeId=Fonts_Bosa&guest=1)
Font sources are published in a public repository and a smith open workflow is used for building, testing and releasing. 

_Note that this font is a work in progress and is only suitable for testing. We do not recommend that derivative works be created at this time._

The Lisu Bosa fonts are Copyright (c) 1998-2019 David Morse (original regular) and Copyright (c) 2019-2023 SIL International (regular revisions, bold, italic, bold italic) and Copyright (c) 2014-2019 Adobe (http://www.adobe.com/) (Latin glyphs) and is released under under the [SIL Open Font License (scripts.sil.org/OFL)](http://scripts.sil.org/OFL).

For details - including any Reserved Font Names - see [OFL.txt](OFL.txt).  

For practical information about using, modifying and redistributing this font see [OFL-FAQ.txt](OFL-FAQ.txt).

For more details about this project, including changelog and acknowledgements see [FONTLOG.txt](FONTLOG.txt).

Enjoy!

Commit message:

Update documentation for release; add announcement [nobuild]

README.md, after:

# Lisu Bosa

### Project status [![Build Status](http://build.palaso.org/app/rest/builds/buildType:Fonts_Bosa/statusIcon)](http://build.palaso.org/viewType.html?buildTypeId=Fonts_Bosa&guest=1)

This project is intended to provide a free and open font family for all current languages and writing systems that use the Lisu (Fraser) script. The design is based on LisuTzimu, designed by David Morse.

The Lisu Bosa and Lisu Bosa Lolo fonts are Copyright (c) 1998-2019 David Morse (original regular) and Copyright (c) 2019-2023 SIL International (regular revisions, bold, italic, bold italic) and Copyright (c) 2014-2019 Adobe (http://www.adobe.com/) (Latin glyphs) and are released under under the [SIL Open Font License (scripts.sil.org/OFL)](http://scripts.sil.org/OFL).

To download the fonts visit the [Lisu Bosa site](https://software.sil.org/lisubosa/) or the [Github releases page](https://github.com/silnrsi/font-lisu-bosa/releases).

For more information on using and developing the fonts see the full project documentation. This is available in three forms:

- *local HTML* - Download the release or source package and open the file `documentation/index.html` in a browser
- *local PDF* - Download the release or source package and open the file `documentation/pdf/index.pdf`
- *Web site* - Visit the [Lisu Bosa site](https://software.sil.org/lisubosa/) 

For a complete list of changes in this version see the [FONTLOG.txt](FONTLOG.txt).

For copyright and licensing information - including any Reserved Font Names - see [OFL.txt](OFL.txt).

For practical information about using, modifying and redistributing this font see [OFL-FAQ.txt](OFL-FAQ.txt).
